refactor: rewrite `as_polars_df.data.frame` (#817)
pola-rs/r-polars: NEWS.md

    each column. The output of `$flags` for `Series` was also improved and now
    contains `FAST_EXPLODE` for `Series` of type `list` and `array` (#809).
-   Add string methods `to_lowercase()` and `to_uppercase()` for `Series` (#810).

> -   `as_polars_df()` for `data.frame` is completely rewritten and new arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `as_polars_df()` for `data.frame` is more memory-efficient and new arguments
```
